Clarify where Context.Key lives, and API to insert/extract from a Context instance (#1020)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

## Tracing Context Utilities

`Tracing Context Utilities` contains all operations within tracing that
modify the [`Context`](../context/context.md). It also holds the reference to

> the `Context.Key`.

Reviewer: question on this: is there a standardized key name for the context?

I feel like that's an easy win that could apply to all implementations. Would help make debugging knowledge transferable across implementations.

As these utilities operate solely on the context API, they MAY be exposed
as static methods on the trace module instead of a class.

The `Tracing Context Utilities` MUST provide the following functions:

- Get the currently active `Span`
- Set the currently active `Span`

> - Extract the `Span` from a `Context` instance

Reviewer 2: Should we also allow (not necessarily recommend) to just expose the key instead? With that, all the methods provided here should "be equivalent to a single parameterized method call of the `Context` management system".

Author: We discussed that, please look for history in the context PR why not to do that.

- Insert the `Span` to a `Context` instance

> The above first two methods MUST be equivalent to a single parameterized method

Reviewer 3: I think it will be clearer if you move this comment directly below what it is referencing, rather than after all of the methods.

Reviewer 2: I think we should instead specify that all these methods SHOULD be equivalent to a single call (I think MUST is too much here), although I think we can specify that it MUST be implementable with only the context system and the key, no other magic must be involved.

Reviewer 2: Blocking comment: Please either comment on why the first two methods are special here, change the sentence to include all methods (I'd prefer that) or maybe we could remove the sentence.

Author: All of them :)

call of the [`Context`](../context/context.md) management system.

> The above last two methods are necessary because external API users don't have

Reviewer 2: What are "external" API users as opposed to other API users?

## Tracing Context Utilities

`Tracing Context Utilities` contains all operations within tracing that
modify the [`Context`](../context/context.md). It also holds the reference to

> the `Context.Key` (the name MAY be `"span_context_key"`).

Reviewer 4: It's unclear what `Context.Key` is. How about this?
```suggestion
the `Context` key used for storing the currently active span
(usually called `Context.Key` or `span_context_key` in implementations).
```

Author: It is not necessary to store the `active` Span. Is to store a span in the context. The fact that context is active or not is an orthogonal thing.

Reviewer 4: What about the "the span active in a particular `Context`"?

Reviewer 5: I guess reference to context key is too much of an implementation detail. The semantic way of saying it is, "the only way of setting the active span is through methods on the trace context utilities". Does that sound right? 

Note, of course I'm hoping the "trace context utilities" are allowed to be merged into other concepts like `TracerProvider` if it makes sense for the language as per my previous comment ;)

As these utilities operate solely on the context API, they MAY be exposed
as static methods on the trace module instead of a class.

The `Tracing Context Utilities` MUST provide the following functions:

- Get the currently active `Span`
- Set the currently active `Span`
- Extract the `Span` from a `Context` instance
- Insert the `Span` to a `Context` instance

The above methods MUST be equivalent to a single parameterized method call of
the [`Context`](../context/context.md) management system.

> The above last two methods are necessary because API users don't have access to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The last two methods listed above are necessary because API users don't have access to
```
